# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

  This week went ok. The start wasn't the best with me failing Checkpoint 3. I was initially pretty frustrated because I had spend most of the 3 day weekend working on the project. I misinterpreted the instructions for having all the trips be able to be on one page and though they all needed to be opened in separate tabs. I knew how to get them all to load onto on page but inside of thier own separate trip cards with reservations inside, but didnt think that it would count for any points that way. So I build out the form for the reservations and built out most of the application thinking that once I got some help and feedback tuesday on how to have the separate trip tabs it would be as little work to then link in the reservation form constructor and draw function that were mostly built out into the trips. Then with having some way to keep track of which reservations belonged to which trips the delete functions would be fairly simple as well.
  
   I knew that you needed to have at least 30 percent of the project done to have the extra day to work on it but did not connect that to having 30 percent of the checks accomplished. I though having most of the code for the project completed would count and try to set everything up to be able to finish with as little time spent on monday as possible. Im glad I learned that on a 1 point checkpoint and not later on with on worth more. Also if checks are nested on having earlier ones completed just put some placeholder in so that you can have code you have written for later checks actually count for something. 

    I ended up needing to spend no time at all finishing up the Checkpoint because I had failed it. That actually worked out well though, because I was able to start not already behind with this weeks content, and catch up on sleep that I missed on the weekend. I also did all the readings before class and did most of the reflections before as well. That along with just giving up on working on the daily projects at home once 10 pm hit and just going to bed made learning this week much easier.

    I still struggle with keeping track of time when I get stuck on things because I often feel like Im just about to find a solution and just need to spend a little bit more time focusing to figure it out. That little bit more leads to a little more and a little more, until youve spent an 40 minutes continually making and deleting directories and github repositories because using bcw-create inside of the directory you have created for the project has another file inside of it. Then github freaks out, and you repeat the process until you realize bcw-create not only makes all of the MVCS files but also a directory containing all of them. So even though I usually set timers they aren't useful if you ignore them and lose track of time.

    I would count this week overall as a decent victory though because I understand last weeks content even better and also understand this weeks content decently as well. I kept track of all the projects we did this week and were done in lecture. I made sure to remember things that might show up later that might need to be partially imitated, so if I get stuck I can quickly find a resource to help guide me through the logic and codebase to complete my own code. 