# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


Overall, I am pretty happy with this week. There were many times I felt I was moving too slow and that I was not getting enough done for the time and energy I had spent working. Or that I didn't understand the material well enough. Some of that feeling is still there, but most of it has gone away. The way the course builds on itself makes it so that continuing to work made me understand most of the material I felt spotty on. Taking more consistent breaks helps me feel like my brain was put in a blender much later in the day than previously. Using a timer on my computer to allocate time on tasks, keeping track of passing time, and better schedule breaks increases productivity and eases stress and fatigue. Just knowing how things work makes planning out days so much easier. There were so many new things that I  knew I wouldn't be able to handle all of them immediately.
	
I got behind on the daily readings, which I now know to prioritize completing before the day the content covered in them occurs. The 10 to 20 minutes spent thoroughly reading the content and taking notes returns many times that in the following day. Not even mentioning the reduced mental strain learning and applying the content in class. Then you are better prepared for the weekly quiz and checkpoint and have even more time to complete them on the weekends. 

I also got too hung up on small details. Because I wasn't keeping track of time, I would spend way longer than I should on minor or irrelevant details. The wasted time combined with slow progress during those times made it so I  was not getting enough of the afternoon assignments done for my liking. Even though I was steadily working in class, I would go home and work more on it. Even though I was still learning, it definitely would have been more productive to cut myself off from working on them after a certain point to work on other things. Or even just sleep. 

I also just need to ask more questions. In the beginning, I would ask some questions but would generally wait to try and figure stuff out myself. The reasoning behind my actions was decent, but now I  know to ask more questions and ask them earlier in the process of solving them. Why over-think if asking a question is necessary? You just ask it. IfS it turns out unnecessary, the instructor will tell you so. Otherwise, you will get a quick answer or push in the right direction. 

I think the major victories I had this week were not letting myself get overwhelmed and starting to set up systems that will make success in this course come with as little difficulty as possible. What I mean by that is everyone has a finite amount of energy and willpower. Why not set up your environment so that whatever amount of either you have will get you as far as possible. This course seem hard enough as is, without stacking things against yourself. 

I was definitely surprised by how quickly the course moved. Hearing that content is covered very quickly and reading over the taught material doesn't do justice to actually doing it. It seems barely manageable, but I think that is the best way to have things set up. It makes you learn and grow much quicker than any scenario where you are generally comfortable. I am very happy to already feel significantly more capable than a week ago or even a few days.