# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

I think this week went pretty well. I didn't really struggle with any of the concepts we were taught, and definitely am more comfortable with JavaScript that with html and css. Most of the projects were pretty similar and as long as you understood arrays, objects, loops , and the pre-made arrow functions, things were fairly simple. 

I definitely still struggle with time allocation. It still feels like you can either made a daily project look good, or have it functional. I hate picking between the 2. I also didn't really like how similarly the lecture projects mimicked the daily challenges. It felt like you could almost just copy down the lecture code and change a few things and have things work just fine. Because of that I ended up barely looking at the github pages because I didn't feel like I needed to and if I did look, the answer would just be handed to you.

Something that I would count as a victory was improving my time management. Even though there was still lots of work to do, it definitely felt more manageable. Generally taking more consistent breaks and switching between tasks when getting burnt out increased the amount of work I was able to get done on campus. That was I was able to do at least some of the reading every night and get more sleep every night.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?