# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

This week was incredibly frustrating. Even with tons of effort and after tuesday understanding the mvcs pattern enough to be able to use it, the changes in syntax and having items and functions spread out through files made the time needed for every assignment very large.

In the lecture I can follow along and know almost exactly what is going on. Then working on my own I can still mostly understand what it happening and needs to happen, but everything takes so long and is so mentally draining. I go home and try and work and my brain is just dead. 

I barely did anything other than work for this course this week and even with the 3 day weekend I didnt get remotely enough done. 

How do you get more work done when adding more time to work does nothing because your brain is dead. Im not even sure what I could have even done differently this week to have any signifigant difference in outcome this week. I cannot add more time to the week to sleep and work. 